Today I'm going to teach the shirt and
I'll start with the template but the link is
this shirt trapped on the low Sabbath and the
first step is to cut shirt bar
now this model will be in T - shirt
regatta then is to vote the sleeves
the finished race I will count down here
only that the retreat is essential is that
stay at least four of them here
Angola
now I'll do
the collar model
I 'm going to take this seam first.
and now I'll do the front part z
caught in the middle
now I teach to make a model of
customization but the shirt
remains male model
but the customization will be the
Woman wearing I'm gonna cut off the shoulder
leaked and the back of the
different organization first cut the
shirt collar and sleeve ends check
the part of the shoulder that will be the part
heavy on arak folding shirt here at
band with low and yes
I'm going to make a triangle.
I'm going back to get kinda
round
the case
what is the part that seems to us in the
another is the same on the other side
now I will be cut but I will win
throw the shirt in the middle
and I'm going to see your triangular face from here and
is entering the base will end here
greater part of the triangle will be here in the
from the top of the track the tip will be low
so they'll like more or less what
how will you stay if you want to score a
draw triangle from inside the
shirt too
Now I'm going to teach seeding
hold the first first you that
will pull all of them and will give a
pulled to stay more solve
the transaction was the first will pass
catch the second you pass on
the first and handle this and will thus be the
process to the end
This is ahead of us and so
successively
when it comes to the bag like we do not
I will not use the needle line, I will.
learn this tip with a little box
silver crosstape
and you can also learn the first one
You used to learn here not to stay.
in a very large place